Stephen Whitesides here with green bear
music playing on a set of K
Constantinople suspended crashes 16 18
and 20 inch here these are amazing
crashes again designed for the suspended
cymbal thing the orchestral cymbal thing
they've got a fairly deep profile lots
of deep complex hammering and they get
really complex shimmering sustains with
a very bright sound you don't usually
see in Constantinople they're typically
very dark cymbals they have a nice long
gentle shimmering sustain and they're
really the only thing comparable to a
thx evolution as far as popularity for
me I had a hard time finding Zildjian
cymbals I loved that I'd want to blend
into my kit for the longest time I just
found them the 16 and 18 definitely
going on with me but we have others in
stock this 20 particularly if you like
the actual one in the video will be for
sale and you might be able to twist my
arm and get these and I'll take home a
difference that if you really like the
ones in the video when you call five
four oh three seven two drum the cymbals
again a really nice complex texture and
that's what I look for in cymbals
they're either supposed to do a job to
be bright to be dark they're supposed to
sustain for a long time or a short time
but what makes a cymbal better or worse
in my opinion is whether you have that
complexity or if you want a very clean
cymbal you can look for that but you
typically find that it's something that
costs about 150 bucks if you want
something complex something that does a
lot more than one sample e Roland
electric KITT sounding thing over and
over you've got to get something hand
hammered and that takes a lot of time a
lot of labor that's why they cost so
much more you really can't get more
complex and interesting sounding than
something like the K Constantinople
suspended line and no one's marketing
them for drum sets nobody has these in
stock anywhere I can find except us I
think this is the top shelf Zildjian
cymbals any drum set for any genre if
you like symbols that have that fairly
bright sustain long sustain and great
complexity so if you have the same
tastes as me and if you liked our videos
if you trust me at all these are the
symbols that you need to get for your
Zildjian collection to put next to your
Sabian collection and your place
collection which are also great things
just kidding Steven with green bear
music here hope you like the way these
cymbals sound
find them at Greenbrier music